Good morning Immortal Master Zoe.
Master, what brings you here?
The Minister sent me here for inspection.
What is the status of the security here?
It's up.
It's going to be a battle of top level cultivators.
Spiritual energy is coming into the first prison through the Stellar Skynet Formation.
This has strengthened our defence.
You're right.
Even a dangerous man like Visey cannot escape from here.
I'm sure you've heard of the name of the new leader of the Immortal.
Hmm.
You two have worked very hard.
Today's tournament is very important.
The security check was very strict.
I will tell the minister that you two have done such a great job.
It is our duty.
You guys continue your work.
Yes, Master Zoe.
Master Zoe?
How are you, model master?
Master Zoe, you're here?
I'm here to strengthen the defense system.
Huh?
Lord Baizi, I have arrived.
The world is so crazy, but it's just like this
The mountain and the water, the flower and the people
The tears and the light, the good and the bad
The blue years in the world
The mountains and the rivers, in the wind and in the night
One river, one moon
This world will never return.
No one will return.
Who is in front of me?
My friend, forgive me.
I told you my interest is only in the top cultivators of the mortal world.
No I sorry but you not ready
I'm afraid you're not worthy of challenging my master.
You are very weak. You can't even fight me.
I am not ready to give up.
I'm not ready to give up.
If that's the case, then let's continue the game.
A great pop strike!
Haha!
This boost of spiritual energy is giving a great boost to the Stellar Skynet formation.
The formation has gained the 666 years of defensive spiritual energy from this battle.
How did this happen?
I shouldn't have done that.
You are really powerful.
But I don't remember the last battle of Mortal World.
I met you.
Little Jing Dang, you have worked harder than most people since childhood.
I have worked hard for this.
And when my time is almost up,
I have nothing left to teach you.
You are gifted in an extraordinary way.
You have eyes of the multiverse since your birth.
Use this power to save all living beings from sorrow.
You have to do it for yourself with great powers and great responsibilities.
From now on, you will have to walk your own path alone.
Master!
I will always remember him.
After my master passed away, I trained even harder.
With the eyes of the multiverse,
I kept cultivating in different parallel dimensions.
That day, I saw a demon invasion coming.
Without delay, I left.
But, the top cultivator of Mortal World once again came before me.
So, that's why you're looking for the top cultivator of Mortal World?
I really want to meet him.
But I never thought that I would have to endure cyberbullying as soon as I entered the tournament.
But you tried your best.
And this tournament shows who you really are.
My goal is to save all living things.
I don't want people to misunderstand me.
And I don't want to be the shadow of the top cultivator of the mortal world.
That's why I have to face them.
The master has also taken a lot of the pain.
And he is now dealing with his own problems.
Don't worry. Relax honey. I am here with you.
Listen to the doctor. Ling is waiting outside.
Take deep breaths.
you bong what happened my good buddy I going to the washroom fast shopping Russi what the hell you nothing
you guys are going for the washroom?
He's going to the bathroom?
We're all going to meet the baby.
Wong Ling will be more nervous than us.
Yes, Wong Ling looks calm from the top.
But he'll be very excited from the inside.
If Wong is not Wan's brother, I'll protect him.
Now it's my responsibility to protect him.
I'm with you.
This young cultivator is performing very well.
Yes, Minister, you are right.
Where did this emotionless and long-haired man come from?
Are the young cultivators of today so strong?
Minister, the prison has been breached.
Songhai is in the first prison.
What did you say?
Tell me, who dared to do this?
This was done by Master Zhou.
I?
What happened to the formation?
Those fools from the National Committee of Immortal Arts...
...were so easily trapped by my trap.
Finally, you're here.
I have to keep my promise to Lord Bhai.
I will not let you go.
You remember the promise you made to Lord Baize, right?
Everything will be as you wish.
I am adjusting the program of the Stellar Skynet Formation.
Haha.
All the spiritual energy gathered to protect Songhai First Prison
will now become a key to free you from the Lord Boys!
Ah!
Who are you, and what do you want?
How much spiritual pleasure do you assign yourself to,
and you're not even getting it?
Where did you go?
You have a girl.
Mother and daughter are safe.
What is happening?
What is this? There's a strange, scary atmosphere in the arena.
Finally, I've shown you what I can do!
What is this? Why is there a baby crying here?
Forgive me.
She is my younger sister.
Aaaaah Oh my God
You were trying to steal my little sister, weren't you?
What did you think?
I didn't find out about this?
Tell me, who are you?
Songhai Sixtieth High's Wang Ling.
You're a graduate, but what do you think of yourself?
I'm not a graduate, but I can hit.
You don't have any strength left, but I can still fight.
If you want to prove yourself, I'll give you another chance.
What did you say?
What is happening?
I remember you.
But you...
It's amazing!
One after the other, the arena is falling apart!
The Night Skull's Ghost Spirit Emperor has fallen from the sky!
This is the right time to prove myself.
I will finish you all!
I won't leave anyone!
Now I can save all the people.
Evil King Ken, get ready to die.
Due to many accidents, this year's Hwa Shio Celestial Ranking tournament has been suddenly stopped.
Monk Jingden has caught the dangerous Ghost Spirit Emperor.
has caught the killer.
Little Wong-Nuan,
from today, your brother's responsibility
has increased even more.
In the high-level cultivator graduation exam,
there are now 6570 days left.
Good luck to you, Wong-Nuan.
We will wait for you in your 60th high.
Wong-Nuan,
I hope that you will also
like crispy noodles a lot.
I rely on you, you are the happiest treasure
When I'm sad, I will comfort you
The taste of the time that has been frozen for a long time
Oh, the dark star is shining a big rainbow for you
Let you be alone for a lifetime
The starlight is lit up for you
Shining the most brilliant halo
Universe is in full bloom, I will keep you by my side
The stars are twinkling, I will help you to make it
I'll be in your heart
The silent scenes
Are all about you
Oh
The vast sky is shining for you
The vast river
Let you be alone for a lifetime
The starlight is lit for you
The shining and brilliant dream
The universe is crazy
I will keep you by my side
you